[next_stage] testplan re-write (#10844)
aces/Loris: modules/next_stage/test/TestPlan.md

This test plan tests the functionality of `start visit stage`. The latter part of the test requires database access. Start visit stage essentially creates an entry in the `session` table 

## Time Point Button

Make a user with the following permission:
- [x] Access Profile: Create/View Candidates and Timepoints - Own Sites

> - Log into this user in an incognito window, maintianing the admin user in a "normal" browser window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log into this user in an incognito window, maintaining the admin user in a "normal" browser window
```

- In the user (non-admin), navigate to Candidate -> New Profile
- Create a candidate and make note of the PSCID.
- Once you close the modal, you will be redirected to the candidate's list of Visits (aka "Time Points"), where there are currently none. Assert that you see the button `Create Time Point`
- In the admin account, remove the **Access Profile: Create/View Candidates and Timepoints Own Sites** permission for your user
- Hard Refresh your user's browser and assert that the button has disappeared

## Start Visit Stage Icon

In this section, you will test the activation and deactivation of the start stage icon in the blue side bar. It is small, says **Start Visit Stage** and has a folder icon. When deactivated, it says **(No Actions)**

- In admin account, Re-administer the **Access Profile** permission for this user
- In the user account, click on `Create Time Point` 
- Select the first option in all fields and click `Create Timepoint`
- Assert that you see an entry in your **List of Visits (Time Points)**

> - Assert that the **Stage, Stage Status, Date of Stage** are all merged into a single value which states **Not Started**. This means that the stage for this candidate at the indicated visit is not yet started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assert that the **Stage, Stage Status, Date of Stage** are all merged into a single value which states **Not Started**.
```

> - Click on the blue link in the **Visit Label (Click to Open)** field and assert that you can see a **Start Visit Stage** link in the light blue sidebar next to a folder icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click on the blue link in the **Visit Label (Click to Open)** field and assert that you can see a **Start Visit Stage** link in the light blue sidebar next to the folder icon.
```

- In the admin account, remove the permission again and save.
- Hard refresh the user account and assert that the icon has changed to **(No actions)**

## Date
- Create a time point for a candidate click start visit stage
- enter no dates and click on `Start Visit`
- Assert that a red error message **Date is required.** appears 

## Matching dates

This section tests that the confirm date functionality works as intended.

- re-enable the permission
- Click "Start Visit Stage" on left of **instrument_list** and ensure that page renders.
- Enter values **01/01/2020** for **Date of Visit** and **01/01/2021** for **Retype Date of Visit**
- Assert that you get an error message **Both Date fields must match.** for this date mismatch
- Enter matching dates and start the visit stage. You will be redirected to a window indicating **Next stage started** in small regular text.
- Assert that the Date_visit field entry in the `session` table contains the date that you wrote in the above step.

## Test Battery filters

`In this part of the test, you will insert an instrument for a candidate, then delete it, then change some parameters, then re-insert and test filters.

>  To do this, some CRUD operations are required. These are destrcutive, so, if you are doing this in a project context in a dev instance, it is recommended to reset your database after this test is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To do this, some CRUD operations are required. Data will be modified so it is recommended to reset your DB after.
```

### Prepare the candidate

> - On a notepad or simple text editor, write down the following candidate information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep note of the following candidate information:
```

PSCID: <value>
DoB: <value>

> - Select the first user from your candidate_list.
> - Write down their PSCID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select a candidate and note down their PSCID.
```

- Ensure that this candidate has a date of birth (they may have been registered with EDC). 
- If they do not have a DoB, insert a value with `UPDATE candidate SET DoB = <value> WHERE PSCID = <value>;`

> - Write down their DoB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Write down their DoB.
```

- If a cohort is listed for this user, it implies that this user has at least one open session: delete it/them.

#### To delete them:

-  click the blue Visit Label link and copy the SessionID section from the browser URL.
- `DELETE * FROM session WHERE ID = <value>`;

> - Repeat this step for any other sessions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete any open sessions for the candidate if a cohort is listed. `DELETE * FROM session WHERE Candidate ID IN (SELECT ID from Candidate WHERE PSCID = ?`

### Prepare the instrument

- `SELECT * FROM test_battery;`
- Choose an instrument
- On the same notepad, write down the following test battery information:

Test_name : <value>

> CohortID : <int value> <string value>

Reviewer: Why do we need to write down CohortID and Project? They don't seem to be used later

CenterID : <int value> <string value>
Project: <int_value> <str_value>
Visit_label: <value>
min age: <value>
max age <value>

- If the selected candidate's age is outside of the domain of min and max age, UPDATE the min and max age so that it is inside.
- DELETE all entries of **other instruments** with this visit label.
- You will assign *only* this instrument to this candidate: it will be the only instrument you see in instrument_list.

### Prepare cohort project and visit relational tables

- Visit labels are associated to Projects and Cohorts in **relational** tables: `project_cohort_rel` and `visit_project_cohort_rel`
- Ensure that the cohort and visit are associated to the project in these tables

> - Delete the other entries

Reviewer: Why do we need to delete the others?

Author: you don't 
but it makes it a lot clearer

## Site filter

### Constrain your user to one site

- Return to the admin account
- Select your user
- Modify the multi-select for `Sites` to a single site.
- In SQL: `SELECT * FROM psc` 
- Write down the CenterID number for this site

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update user's Site permission to one site from the admin account.
- Note the CenterID using: `SELECT * FROM psc` 
```

### Assign instrument to candidate

#### Create Time Point

> - Return to the browser where this user has an open session.
> - Select Access Profile -> select the blue PSCID of this candidate -> Create Time Point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As the regular User, select Access Profile -> Candidate's PSCID -> Create Time Point.
```

- Enter the `Site`, 
`Project`, `Cohort` that you wrote down, the `Visit Label` that you wrote down, Language and click **Create Timepoint**.

> - The modal will indicate that you have successfully created a Timepoint for this candidate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A success swal should appear.```

- copy the sessionID from the URL and paste it into your notepad.

#### Start Visit Stage

- Start the Visit Stage
- Enter your date of visit, retype and **Start Visit** -> **Click here to continue**
- Assert that the instrument has been assigned to the candidate.

#### Change site

- DELETE the session you just created. `DELETE FROM session WHERE ID = <value from notepad>;`
- UPDATE the CenterID field of the same test_battery entry with a CenterID your user does not have permission for.
- Repeat the above process, create the time point, start the visit stage, and assert that the instrument is not assigned

> ## Active Filter
> 
> - DELETE the session
> - UPDATE the test_battery entry to the user's CenterID and Active = 'N';
> - Create time point as above and start visit stage and assert that the instrument is not assigned
> 

Reviewer: Move active filter and age filter above site and then
```suggestion
## Active Filter

- DELETE the session
- UPDATE the test_battery entry to Active = 'N';
- Create time point as above and start visit stage and assert that the instrument is not assigned

```

> ## Age filter

Reviewer: missing firstVisit test still

- DELETE the session
- Set Active = 'Y'

> - Set AgeMindDays to 33000 (~90 years old)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set AgeMinDays to 33000 (~90 years old)
```

> This testplan tests the functionality of `start visit stage`. Start visit stage essentially creates an entry in the `session` table. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test plan tests the functionality of `start visit stage`. Start visit stage essentially creates an entry in the `session` table. 
```

> This testplan tests the functionality of `start visit stage`. Start visit stage essentially creates an entry in the `session` table. 

Reviewer: New version seems to be only testing frontent UI flow and is missing a few tests regarding:
- CenterID filtering (old plan checked that instruments are inserted for the correct CenterID, this is not mentioned anymore)
- Old plan checked that inactive instruments are not inserted
- Old plan mentioned separate testing for firstVisit field, nothing is mentioned in the new plan for that
- New plan does not mention the visit label + cohortID check in test_battery vs the age based instrument selection
- When testing for the own sites permission, selecting a specific site is not mentioned at all

## Time Point Button

Make a user with the following permission:
- [x] Access Profile: Create/View Candidates and Timepoints - Own Sites

> - Log into this user in an incognito window, mainting the admin user in a "normal" browser window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log into this user in an incognito window, maintaining the admin user in a "normal" browser window
```

> - In the user (non-admin), naviagate to Candidate -> New Profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the user (non-admin), navigate to Candidate -> New Profile
```

- Create a candidate and make note of the PSCID.
- Once you close the modal, you will be redirected to the candidate's list of Visits (aka "Time Points"), where there are currently none. Assert that you see the button `Create Time Point`
- In the admin account, remove the **Access Profile: Create/View Candidates and Timepoints Own Sites** permission for your user
- Hard Refresh your user's browser and assert that the button has disappeared

## Start Visit Stage Icon

> In this section, you will test the activation and sisactivation of the start stage icon in the blue side bar. It is small, says **Start Visit Stage** and has a folder icon. When disactivate it saus **(No Actions)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you will test the activation and deactivation of the start stage icon in the blue side bar. It is small, says **Start Visit Stage** and has a folder icon. When deactivate it says **(No Actions)**
```
